Update requirements.rst (#3087)
mattermost/docs: source/process/bug-fix-release.md

    - Draft Changelog in a WIP PR with updates for known issues, compatibility updates for deprecated features, config.json, [database changes](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/blob/master/store/sqlstore/upgrade.go), [API changes](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/commits/master/model/client.go), and [WebSocket event changes](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/blob/master/model/websocket_message.go#L13); [see example](http://docs.mattermost.com/administration/changelog.html#compatibility)
      - Note the type of release and add a link to release doc that defines the type (https://docs.mattermost.com/process/release-faq.html#release-overview)
    - Review [supported OS versions](https://docs.mattermost.com/install/requirements.html#server-software) and review that [software requirements](https://docs.mattermost.com/install/requirements.html#software-requirements) are up-to-date based on [these guidelines](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/software-requirements.html). If not, update documentation accordingly, and note changes in the Changelog

>       - Check with Chen in Analytics channel to see what % of users and what % of posts are made by the versions we're dropping support for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Check with Chen [in the Analytics channel](https://community.mattermost.com/private-core/channels/analytics-2) to see what % of users and what % of posts are made by the versions we're considering to drop support for, to review potential impact to users.
```
